Add Sphinx documentation (#1861)
astronomer/astro-sdk: universal_transfer_operator/docs/universal_transfer_operator/supported_transfers/bigquery.rst

***************
Google Bigquery
***************

Transfer to Google Bigquery as destination dataset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> User can transfer data to Google Bigquery as destination as from following sources dataset:

Reviewer: Since it is implicit that transferring data to something means that is a destination

#. :ref:`table`

    .. literalinclude:: ../../../src/universal_transfer_operator/constants.py
       :language: python
       :start-after: [START database]
       :end-before: [END database]

#. :ref:`file`

    .. literalinclude:: ../../../src/universal_transfer_operator/constants.py
       :language: python
       :start-after: [START filelocation]
       :end-before: [END filelocation]

Following transfer modes are supported:

1. Transfer using non-native approach

>     Following is an example of non-native transfers between GCS to google bigquery using non-native transfers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Following is an example of a non-native transfer between GCS to BigQuery using non-native transfer:
```

    .. literalinclude:: ../../../example_dags/example_universal_transfer_operator.py
       :language: python
       :start-after: [START transfer_non_native_gs_to_bigquery]
       :end-before: [END transfer_non_native_gs_to_bigquery]

Examples
########
1. AWS S3 to Google Bigquery transfers
    - Non-native
        Following is an example of non-native transfers between AWS S3 to Google Bigquery using non-native transfers:

            .. literalinclude:: ../../../example_dags/example_universal_transfer_operator.py
               :language: python
               :start-after: [START transfer_non_native_s3_to_bigquery]
               :end-before: [END transfer_non_native_s3_to_bigquery]

2. GCS to Google Bigquery transfers
    - Non-native

>         Following is an example of non-native transfers between GCS to Google Bigquery using non-native transfers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Following is an example of a non-native transfer between GCS to BigQuery using non-native transfer:
```

            .. literalinclude:: ../../../example_dags/example_universal_transfer_operator.py
               :language: python
               :start-after: [START transfer_non_native_gs_to_bigquery]
               :end-before: [END transfer_non_native_gs_to_bigquery]

Transfer from Google Bigquery as source dataset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> User can transfer data from Google Bigquery the following destination dataset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can transfer data from Google BigQuery to the following destination dataset:
```
